Arrangements have been taken to supply John de Silva Memorial Theatre hall on requests from the public, for Performing Art,festivals,seremonies and other cultural activities. [Application form](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/pdf/reservation of John de  Silva.pdf) perfected by the applicant for the reservation of John de Silva Memorial Theatre hall has to be forwarded to the Director of Cultural Affairs. [Application form](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/pdf/reservation of John de  Silva.pdf) can be obtained from the Head office, Arts Section of the Department of Cultural Affairs. No fee will be charged for applications. Reservation must be done well in advance at least 3 months prior to the date of requirement.

Charges to be levied for reservation of John de Silva Memorial Theater Hall 01. Charges for 3 hour period Rs.6,000.00/= ( Charges for evry over hours Rs 750/=) 02. Charges for 3 hour normal training Rs.1,500.00/= 03. Charges for 3 hour Light-rehearsal Rs.2,000.00/= 04. All reservations above require a deposit Rs.3,000.00/= 05. 3 hour sound charge Rs. 1000.00/= (3 hour period of one unit) (contain for this Package:- Phordiam,3 Microphone,1Amplipire,CD,Dek,Keset Player,2Buffle) 06. Extra one Mic Rs.200.00/= 07. 1 hour video charge Rs. 700.00/= 08. Charges for oil lamp (brass) Rs.150.00/= 09. Charges for 1 hour period Stage Lights Rs.1000.00/= Electricity and damages charges for any equipment will be deducted from the deposit and the balance will be refunded. (It has been proposed to revise these charges from?29th June 2009)

Director of Cultural Affairs/Deputy Director/Assistant Director will serve as Staff Officers. Even though the Theatre Hall has been reserved for a relevant date, that date of reservation can be cancelled for urgent departmental requirement and another date can be fixed as required on the discretion of powers vested to the Director of Cultural Affairs who will alter date of reservation after discussing with the reserver.

