State Dance Festival is organized annually to commemorate National Dance Day. Qualifications and Conditions Kalayatanas, Cultural Centres and Arts Organizations are eligible to forward/introduce? dancing creations. All institutions who participate in this festival can exhibit only two of the items shown in the circular. Contests pertaining to this festival comprise of five items namely Up-country Dance, Low-country Dance, Sabaragamuwa Dance, Rural Dance and Tamil Dance and will be contested in two rounds. Primary round of contests will be held on district level, and the selected dancing items from that contest will vie for the final contest of State Dance Festival.The dancing troupes who are placed First, Second and Third in the final contest will be presented with certificates and cash awards. (Further details appear in the constitution pertaining to State Dance Festival. Application form affixed to the Circular can be utilized for this purpose. A list giving the names of participants in the Dancing event should be forwarded with the application form, giving their Names, Date of Birth and Identity Card Number. Left-hand corner of envelope, bearing application form should be marked State Dance Festival (with relevant year) State Dance Panel, Department of Cultural Affairs, 8th Floor, Sethsiripaya, Battaramulla. No fee will be charged for application. Applications are accepted on the last day of closing or? before within office hours as notified in Newspapers and Information Media. No fee levied for services rendered. List of contestants with names, date of birth and National Identity Card Number Director of Cultural Affairs, Deputy Director of Cultural Affairs, Asst. Director,? will serve as Staff Officers in-charge. [Specimen Application](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/pdf/) form. Copy of [perfected application](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/pdf/) form .

