This festival is held annually in two categories as Limited and Open with the main objective of creating Law-abiding citizen for the future with wealth and prosperity through drama dispelling the educational fatigue and tiredness of childhood and young-hood. Qualifications and Conditions All artistes participating in dramas should be male and female students or teachers and this should be certified by the Principals of the relevant schools. If there is no teacher for the subject in the field of school dramatic activities, services of another teacher from a another school can be obtained with the approval of two principals of the relevant school.This should be informed or notified to the Secretary, Drama Panel, giving prior notice. (Further information can be gathered from the constitution pertaining to State Children’s Drama Festival)

Application form which is annexed in the constitution for State Children’s Drama Festival, should be perfected, attested and certified by Principal/Lady Principal/Drama Producer and forwarded with two copies to Secretary, State Drama Panel by Registered Post or can be handed over personally for consideration under Limited Section of Drama Creations. For Open Section, one copy of drama and two copies of the summary will have to be submitted for perusal. These can be forwarded by Registered Post? on the last day of acceptance as appearing in? Media and Newspaper on or before by hand? to the following address: Secretary, State Drama Panel, Department of Cultural Affairs, 8th Floor, Sethsiripaya, Battaramulla.

Limited/Open Drama Contest, State Children’s Drama Festival should be entered on the left hand corner of [application](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/pdf/State Children Drama.pdf) form (with the year of contest) Applications can be obtained from State Drama Panel, Department of Cultural Affairs, 8th Floor, Sethsiripaya, Battaramulla. No fee will be charged for the [application](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/pdf/State Children Drama.pdf) Before last day of acceptance of Drama Scripts or on the last day of acceptance) No fee will be levied for services rendered. Director of Cultural Affairs, Deputy Director of Cultural Affairs, Asst. Director, Cultural Assistant Director (Secretary, National Drama Panel) will serve as Staff Officers in-charge.

