Step 1 : Applicant has to submit a handwritten application request to the the local Police Station. Step 2 : The filled application request along with the attached letter of request for clearance certificate by the organization in which the applicant is about to be employed is to be produced to the Officer in charge of the local police station. Step 3 : The police officer summons the applicant for a finger print report Step 4 : The local police station refers the submitted application to the Criminal Records division for verification purposes. Step 5 : On satisfactory terms the applicant is issued a clearance certificate by the Officer in charge of the local Police Station. Note : If the Officer in Charge of the local police station personally knows the applicant the Clearance Certificate is issued within a day or else the Clearance Certificate is issued within 14 days. Qualification Criteria A Sri Lankan citizen seeking employment in Sri Lanka or abroad Submission Procedure Obtain Application Form Applicant has to obtain an application form from the local Police Station Handover Application Submit Application form to the respective local Police Station No application forms are issued at the respective Police Stations, the Applicants are requested to submit a hand written request letter to the Officer in Charge of respective Police Station at the time of submission. Application Form Form Name : Application for Police Clearance Certificate ( [DOP APCC](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/pdf/clearance_application.pdf) ) Refer Draft Application Form ( [DOP APCC](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/pdf/clearance_application.pdf) Draft) Note 01 : Application form is issued by the Police Headquarters. Note 02 : No application forms are issued at the respective Police Stations, the Applicants are requested to submit a hand written request letter to the Officer in Charge of respective Police Station at the time of submission. Note : This is a copy of the clearance certificate ( [DOP APCC](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/pdf/clearance_application.pdf) ) issued by a respective police station. Example Kirulapana Police Station Timeline Process Time If the Officer in Charge of the local police station personally knows the applicant the Clearance Certificate is issued within a day or else the Clearance Certificate is issued within 14 days. Working Hours Police Station - 24/7/365 days Cost related to service The applicant is not charged for the Application form from the local Police Station Note 01 : For verification purposes the applicant has to make a payment of Rs.125.00 for a finger print report only. Fines and Surcharges Not imposed for this service Documents Required A consent letter from the organization requesting the clearance certificate Service Responsibility Local Police Station: Office in Charge ( Local Police Station) Special Cases Not applicable for this service Sample form with Dummy Data Application Form ( [DOP APCC](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/pdf/clearance_application.pdf) Draft)

Related Services Bank Guarantees of Bank of Ceylon
---

