Complainer visiting CB Step 1: Complainer visits crime investigation division of the police station. Step 2: Complainant provides information about complaint. Depending on the nature of complaint the complainant is directed towards CB. Step 3: Complainer makes complaint and police issue a B form. Step 4: CB of that police station collect evidences related to the case. Step 5: Suspect(s) taken into custody. Step 6: Suspect(s) handed over to the court by CB. Other Divisions forwarding to CB Step 1: Other division forwards their cases to CB (if it’s relevant to CB) Step 2: CB collect evidence about case. Step 3: If there are sufficient evidence CB takes suspect into custody. Step 4: Suspect is handed over to the court. Qualification Criteria Any case should be under 21 crimes listed above The victim should have evidence Submission Procedure Party Visits Police Station The person making complaint should appear in Crime Branch ( Police Station ) Submit a Complaint The party making the complaint informs the police officer who in turn will write a statement in the complain book. The police will issue a receipt (B form) to the party. Form: B form –Is a reference and a summary for complaint. It also holds the reference of the book which was written at the police station. Application Form There are no application forms for this service Time line Process Time Line Depends on the complexity of the problem. Working Hours Police Station – 24 / 7 / 365 days Costs related to the service The complainant has to make a payment of Rs.25.00 for each page of the complaint extracted from the police station. Fines and Surcharges The police officers do not impose fines for false statements Note: If a false complaint is made, the police will submit the complainer to court and the complainer is subjected to fines imposed by the Court. Support Documents Required Any form of information or equipment relating to the investigation has to be brought to the CB. Service Responsibility Matrix OIC (Officer In-charge) - Crime Branch (Police station) OIC (Officer In-charge) - Police Station Special Cases Not applicable for this service Sample form with dummy data Not applicable for this service

Related Services Complain About Any Rape Cases or Child Abuse
---

