Step 1 : The complainer has to inform the Women and Child Abuse Division about case via a phone call, letter or visit the respective division. Step 2 : The police officers verifies the complain by visiting the locality of the complainer. Note : The police can inspect the place without a warrant. However an officer from the department of labor must be taken or have a court order, this is done only if the relevant evidences are provided. Step 3 : The police verifies on the suspects background and if needed can take the suspect to custody. Step 4 : The police officer directs the suspect to a court case Qualification Criteria The victim should be below the age of 14 Submission Procedure Inform Women and Child Abuse Division The complainer can inform about the case by phone call, letter or visit the Women and Child Bureau Working Hours : Division & Police Station 24 /7 / 365 days Documents required : [Birth certificate](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/index.php/en/component/info/?id=367&task=info&back=0&pid=483) of victim Application Form No application forms for this service Time line Process Time Line Differs based on the situation Validity Time Line •Within 24 hours the suspect (s) should be forward to the courts. •If it’s a child abuse case the suspect (s) can be kept in custody for72 hours with the court permission. Working Hours Women and Child Abuse Bureau and Police Station 24/7/365 days Cost related to the service There are no costs related to this service. Fines and Surcharges Not defined by the department Support documents required [Birth certificate](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/index.php/en/component/info/?id=367&task=info&back=0&pid=483) of victim Service Responsibility Matrix Women and Child Bureau ( Police Headquarters ) ASP (Assistant superintendent of Police) Police Station OIC of Women and Child division in of police station OIC of Police station Special cases The child will be taken into the child protection authority & statements taken from the child will be captured on tape. Awareness programs conducted for students, Gramaseva offices, Samurdi offices, Teachers, Nurses, and Employees of trade zone. Sample form with dummy data There is no application form to be filled by the victim

Related Services Medical Assistance for Heart Surgeries
---

