Step 1 : The person concerned has to go to the Police Station to make a complaint. Step 2 : The person concerned requests for an extract of complain form once the statement is written by the Police officer. Note 01 : The Police station charges Rs. 25.00 for each page of extracted complaint Step 3 : The police officer issues the extract of complaint form to the person concerned. Step 4 : The person concerned has to fill in the form issued by the Department of Immigration and Emigration along with attach support documents and hand it over to the Department of Immigration and Emigration. Note 01 : Support documents have to be brought based on the department's requests. Step 5 : The officer at Department of Immigration and Emigration verifies the application with the relevant police station before certifying the application request. Step 6 : The person concerned has to collect the Passport from the Department of Immigration and Emigration. Qualification Criteria Any citizen or foreigner based in Sri Lanka to acquire this service at a time of need. Submission Procedure Visit Respective Police Station The person concerned should visit the respective police station to make a complain Police Station Working Hours 24 / 7 / 365 Days Obtain Extract Copy of Complain The person concerned should make sure that he / she gets an extract of complaint copy from the local police station depending on item he/she has lost. Some departments which require extract of complaints are listed below:

National Identity Card | Grama Niladari / Department of Registration of Persons
--- | ---
Passport | Department of Immigration and Emigration
Driving License s | Department of Motor Vehicles

Note 01: Likewise there are other departments and organizations which require a copy of the extract of complaints which the person involved has to produce to complete the procedure. Documents Required [NIC](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/index.php/en/component/info/?id=416&task=info&back=0&pid=460) Number Previous Passport Number [Driving License](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/index.php/en/component/info/?id=390&task=info&back=0&pid=460) Number Handover Application Submit Extract of Complain copy along with filled application form presented by Department of Immigration and Emigration to Department of Immigration and Emigration Application Form No application forms to be filled by the person concerned at the Police Station but the respective departments will provide forms to be filled and submitted. Shown below is an Extract of Complain Form given by the Police Station for ( [NIC](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/index.php/en/component/info/?id=416&task=info&back=0&pid=460) , Passport and [Driving License](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/index.php/en/component/info/?id=390&task=info&back=0&pid=460) ). Note : The respective Police stations issues a filled Extract of Complain copy ( [DOP F424](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/pdf/) ) to the person concerned. Timeline The timelines for Handling complaints relating to missing National Identity Cards, [Driving License](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/index.php/en/component/info/?id=390&task=info&back=0&pid=460) s, Passports and other documents together with extract complaints relating to missing electronic equipments are the same and are as follows. Process Time line Extract of Complaint: within a day The total process time depends on the efficiency of the relevant departments to where the problems are directed to. ( Department of Registration of Persons, Department of Motor Vehicles , Department of Immigration and Emigration and other relevant organizations ) Working hours Police Station -24/7/365 days Cost related to the service The cost involved for the Extract of Complaint for National Identity Cards, Passport, [Driving License](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/index.php/en/component/info/?id=390&task=info&back=0&pid=460) and for other reasons is Rs. 25.00 per page. Fines and Surcharges The relevant departments impose a fine for the renewal of lost items from the person concerned. Note 01: The applicant has to pay a fine or pay for cost involved to get his / her work done from the relevant departments. Support Documents Required For Passport at the Police Station The person concerned has to only make a complaint to the police station together with provide his / her current passport number. Note 01: The person concerned has to produce relevant documents requested by the Department of Immigration and Emigration for obtaining a New Passport Note : The support documents required varies for an individual department, as mentioned earlier there are other departments and organization requesting for documents which the person concerned has to produce accordingly. Service Responsibility Matrix For all the operations concerned with this department the person concerned reports to the Office in Charge of the respective Police Station. Note: Due to the fact that there are 401 police stations island wide, it is unable to assign a single responsible person for a service pertaining to this division. Special Cases Not applicable for this service Sample form with Dummy Data Not provided by the Police Station due to confidential Information



Related Services Obtaining a Certification for Driving License
---

