Step 1: Inform police about the accident by a phone call or visit to the police station. Step 2: The Police Officer goes immediately to the location of the accident. Step 3: The Police Officer takes driving license from driver(s). Step 4: The Police Officer take notes down, makes sketches of accident and also mark the places which accident happened. Step 5: The Police Officer tries to resolve issues between both parties. Step 6: The Police Officer will call parties (with vehicles) to police station and provide Complain statement, if there any damages for vehicles and B form. (1/B) Step 7: The Police Officer decides on person at fault. Step 8: The Police Officer returns driving license to person not at fault. Step 9: The Police Officer files court case against wrong doer from court order (the person can come at a convenient time but as soon as possible). Note 1 : If there any injured or dead bodies action is taken to admit injured to hospital and send dead bodies to hospital. Note 2: Police decide on person at fault based on “give way to right” law Note 3: If person at fault does not appear in court, action will be taken against him/her. Qualification Criteria Person must have been subjected to a motor accident. Submission Procedure Procedure to be followed Inform police about the accident by a phone call or by visiting to the police station. The individual involved in the accident must provide his/her driving license to the police officer who arrives to the location of the accident. 1.All parties involved in the accident must appear at the police station at the request of the police officer. Note : Police issues a B form to complainer. Working Hours Police Station 24/7/365 days Form: B form (1/B) is issuing by police station after the complaint. Note: Police officer involved will provide an original copy of the statement describing the accident. Application Forms: There are no application forms available for this service Note : The Police officer issues a B form to the complainer The Police officer provides an original copy of the statement ( [DOP F424](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/pdf/) ). Time Line Process Time Line Time duration depends on the nature of the accident and circumstances. Note 01: The person(s) involved in the accident are advised to notify the police about the accident as soon as possible. Validity Time Line Validity exists until the complain is resolved and a decision has been made. Costs related to the service Rs.25.00 for each page of copy of the statement. Penalties and Surcharges Not imposed for this service Support Documents Required 1. [Driving license](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/index.php/en/component/info/?id=390&task=info&back=0&pid=473) 2.Revenue License 3.Insurance certificate (if available) Service Responsibility Matrix Officer in Charge ( OIC ) :Motor Traffic Division Officer in Charge ( OIC ) : The Respective Police Station Special cases Not applicable for this service Sample form with dummy data Not provided by the Police Station due to confidential Information

Related Services Insurance Scheem
---

