Step 1 : Applicant or organizer must obtain application form from the respective police station Step 2 : The applicant or Organizer has to fill a hand written Loud Speaker Permit Application form. The applicant has to attach the following documents when requesting for permit. Note 01 : If meeting is to be held in a particular site, the applicant has to get a consent letter from the owner of the site. Note 02 : If meeting is to be held in a vehicle , the applicant has to get consent letter from the owner of the vehicle. Note 03 : Letter of consent of the person installing the equipments Step 3 : The OIC of the respective Police station will decide on whether the Permit is possible to be certified by the A.S.P Step 4 : The issuing authority ( A.S.P in charge of Locality ) approves the permit and instructs the applicant or organizer on terms and conditions to be followed. Qualification Criteria Any citizen or foreigner based in Sri Lanka having a valid reason to request for a Loud Speaker Permit. Note : Disqualification Criteria If there is any complaint by the public or local people, an officer not below the rank of a sub inspector can instruct the organizers on proceedings, if not obeyed by the organizers the officer can take action. Submission Procedure Visit Respective Police Station The applicant or organizer should visit the respective police station to make a request for a Loud Speaker Permit. Obtain Application Form The applicant or Organizer has to fill a hand written Loud Speaker Permit Application form ( [DOP ALS](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/pdf/Application-Loud Speaker Permit.pdf) ). The applicant has to attach the following documents when requesting for permit. Submit Application Form The applicant has to Submit Application Form along with produce a consent letter, support documents to the Police Station. Note 01 : If meeting is to be held in a particular site, the applicant has to get a consent letter from the owner of the site. If meeting is to be held in a vehicle, the applicant has to get a consent letter from the owner of the vehicle. Letter of consent of the person installing the equipments Application Form Draft Application Form Note 01 : The applicant / Organizer has to fill in a hand written application form ( [DOP ALS](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/pdf/Application-Loud Speaker Permit.pdf) ) highlighting all the areas mentioned in the Draft Application Form. Draft Application Form : Application for Loud Speaker ( [DOP ALS](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/pdf/Application-Loud Speaker Permit.pdf) ) To obtain a loud speaker permit a written application should be handed over to the Officer In Charge of the Police Station. The draft application is given below. The details requested in the application should be filled and given in time for the OIC of the Police Station to make necessary decisions in issuing of this permit. Once this permit is issued the applicant should read the instructions, on the law pertain to the use of loud speaker, on the back of the permit and sign in the given column of the application, to say that he has read and understood the instructions given on the back of the loud speaker permit issued. Timeline Process Time Within a day Working Hours A.S.P Office:8.00am – 4.30pm Monday / Friday Police Station :24 / 7 / 365 days Cost related to the service Rs.250.00 per Loud Speaker Permit issued by the Police Station Fines and Surcharges No fines are imposed on the Applicant / Organizer Note 01: If there is any complaint by the public or local people, an officer not below the rank of a sub inspector can instruct the organizers on proceedings, if not obeyed by the organizers the officer can take action. Support Documents Required Consent Letter [National Identity Card](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/index.php/en/component/info/?id=416&task=info&back=0&pid=474) Details of Residential and Office Address Details of Place of Employment List of names of the Speakers If applicant/organizer is a part of a political party, the party should be mentioned to the Police Station. Service Responsibility Assistant Superintendent of Police Note 01 : The ASP of the region has to issue the Permit. Office in Charge Note 02 : The Office in Charge of the region has to certify the Permit Request to be transferred to the ASP. Special Cases Not applicable for this type of service Sample form with Dummy Data Not provided by the Department of Police due to confidential Information Note : The applicant / organizer can identify what content is required by the Office in Charge (Police Station) by acquiring information from a Police Station /Draft Application Form.

Related Services Request for Exhibitions
---

