Step 1 : Applicant must obtain application form ( [DOP AG1](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/pdf/) ) from the Divisional Secretarial Office Step 2 : Filled application form should be handed over to the Ministry via the Divisional Secretarial Office. The reasons for the request of Permit should be highlighted and justified. Step 3 : On satisfactory basis the Ministry of Public Law and Order will issue the permit License for the Applicant. Note : The approval is given by the Secretary of the Ministry of Public Law and Order. Reference : Police Public Relation Division, Kirulapone Police Station Qualification Criteria Citizen of Sri Lanka having a valid reason and justifying the need of a Gun Permit Note : People who are not eligible for possessing a Gun •Old People •Medical Unfit •Small Children Submission Procedure Visit Respective Divisional Secretarial Office The applicant should visit the respective Divisional Secretarial Office to make a request for a Gun/ Explosive Permit. Police Station 24/7/365 days Obtain Application Form To obtain a gun license, an application should be made in writing in terms of section 23 of the firearms ordinance to the licensing authority on the prescribed form. It should include the following details as mentioned below: Documents Required •Name and Address of the Applicant •The Number and the description of the gun for which the license is desired. Viz. type, makers name and the number on the barrel. •If required should produce such gun before the licensing authority for inspection •The licensing authority should be satisfied that the applicant has the necessary skills to use such Submit Application Form The applicant has to Submit Application Form along with support details to the respective Divisional Secretarial Office Application Form Application ( [DOP AG1](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/pdf/) ) for the Possession of Fire Arms No person shall have in his custody, or possess or use any gun unless he has a license for the same, as per Section 22 of the firearms ordinance. To obtain a gun license, an application should be made in writing in terms of section 23 of the firearms ordinance to the licensing authority on the prescribed form. It should include the following: - 1.Name and address of the Applicant. 2.The Number and the description of the gun for which the license is desired. Viz. type, makers name, and the number on the barrel. 3.If required should produce such gun before the licensing authority for inspection. 4.The licensing authority should be satisfied that the applicant has the necessary skills to use such gun Timeline Process Time Cannot be specified Working Hours Ministry:8.00am – 4.30pm Monday / Friday Police Station:24 / 7 / 365 days Cost related to service Not defined by the department Fines and Surcharges The person possessing the gun license will be liable for the weaponry if misused and action will be taken by the Police Officer. Support Documents Required The applicant has to bring documents justifying his reasons for requesting a Gun Permit. Service Responsibility Secretary of the Ministry of Public Law and Order. Assistant Superintendent of Police ( Divisional ) Special Cases Not applicable for this service Sample Form with Dummy Data Not provided by the Department of Police due to confidential Information

