Step 1 : Applicant has obtain an application form from the Sri Lankan Mission in the  country he/she is residing. Step 2 : The Sri Lanka Mission forwards the application and the payment to the  Department of Police Headquarters in Sri Lanka. Step 3 : The Police Headquarters in Sri Lanka, refers the application and requests the local police station from where the applicant hails to produce a clearance report. Note 01 : If the applicant has resided in several locations in Sri Lanka prior to his  visit abroad, the Police Headquarters requests the relevant police Stations where the applicant resided to produce a clearance report . Step 4 : The Police headquarters also refers the application to the CID, Director of   Internal Intelligence and the National Identity Card Department for verification purposes. Step 5 : On satisfactory terms the Police Headquarters issues the clearance certificate for  the applicant via the Sri Lankan Mission. Note : Countries like United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, United States of America and New Zealand request a clearance certificate of the Applicant for the last 10 years from the day he/she left Sri Lanka. For Applicant residing in countries other than that listed above, the Officer in Charge of the local police station (Sri Lanka) from where the applicant hailed can issue the Clearance Certificate. Reference : Police Public Relations Division Qualification Criteria A Sri Lankan citizen seeking employment in Sri Lanka or abroad Submission Procedure Obtain Application Form Applicant has to obtain an application form from the Sri Lankan Mission in the country he/she is residing Handover Application Submit Application form to the Sri Lankan Mission in the country he / she is residing in. Application Form Form Name : Application for Police Clearance Certificate ( [DOP APCC](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/pdf/clearance_application.pdf) ) Refer Draft Application Form ( [DOP APCC](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/pdf/clearance_application.pdf) Draft) Note 01 : Application form is issued by the Police Headquarters. Note 02 :    No application forms are issued at the respective Police Stations, the Applicants are requested to submit a hand written request letter to the Officer in Charge of respective Police Station at the time of submission. Note : This is a copy of the clearance certificate ( [DOP APCC](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/pdf/clearance_application.pdf) ) issued by a respective police station. Example Kirulapana Police Station Timeline Process Time Not defined by the Department Working Hours Contact Sri Lankan Mission for working Hours Cost related to service The applicant is not charged for the Application form by the Sri Lankan Mission   in the country he/she is residing. Fines and Surcharges Not imposed for this service Documents Required No support documents are required Service Responsibility Police Headquarters      : Director - Police Public Relation Division Special Cases Not applicable for this service Sample form with Dummy Data Application Form ( [DOP APCC](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/pdf/clearance_application.pdf) Draft)

Related Services Foreign Currency Account Schemes of Bank of Ceylon
---

