Step 1 : Applicant has to make a payment of Rs.500.00 and obtain an application form from the Police Headquarters. Step 2 : Applicant fills form and hands over application to the Police Headquarters Colombo. Step 3 : The Police Headquarters in Colombo, refers the application and requests the local police station from where the applicant hails to produce a clearance report Note 01 : If the applicant has resided in several locations within Sri Lanka the Police Headquarters requests the relevant police stations where the applicant resided to produce a clearance report. Step 4 : The Police headquarters also refers the application to the CID, Director of Internal Intelligence and the National Identity Card Department for verification purposes. Step 5 : On satisfactory terms the Police Headquarters issues the clearance certificate for the applicant. Qualification Criteria A Sri Lankan citizen seeking employment in Sri Lanka or abroad Submission Procedure Obtain Application Form Applicant has to obtain an application form ( [DOP APCC](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/pdf/clearance_application.pdf) ) from the Police Headquarters, Fort, Colombo 1. Handover Application Submit Application form to the Police Headquarters, Fort, Colombo 01 Application Form Form Name : Application for Police Clearance Certificate ( [DOP APCC](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/pdf/clearance_application.pdf) ) Refer Draft Application Form ( [DOP APCC](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/pdf/clearance_application.pdf) Draft) Note 01 : Application form is issued by the Police Headquarters. Note 02 : No application forms are issued at the respective Police Stations, the Applicants are requested to submit a hand written request letter to the Officer in Charge of respective Police Station at the time of submission. Note : This is a copy of the clearance certificate ( [DOP APCC](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/pdf/clearance_application.pdf) ) issued by a respective police station. Example Kirulapana Police Station Timeline Process Time Within 3 months Working Hours 8.30am to 4.30pm Monday to Friday Cost related to service The applicant is charged Rs. 500.00 for the Application form from the Police Headquarters. Fines and Surcharges Not imposed for this service Documents Required No support documents are required Service Responsibility Police Headquarters: Director - Police Public Relation Division Special Cases Not applicable for this service Sample form with Dummy Data Application Form ( [DOP APCC](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/pdf/clearance_application.pdf) Draft)

Related Services Foreign Currency Account Schemes of Bank of Ceylon
---

