There are four Programmes implemented by the Rural Development Division in 2009 i. Infrastructure Facilities Development Programme This programme is implemented island wide and target is to complete 12240 Projects. ii. Special Development Programme Target is to complete 550 Projects. This is being implemented by selected Districts, according to their proposals. iii. Special Gammana Development Programme The prime objective of this Programme is to develop some selected Grama Niladari Divisions from the 3060 Grama Niladari Divisions in every aspects as model projects. iv. Gampubudu Revolving Fund Our target is to implement 10598 Projects from this Fund. We have been recovered 164.6 Mn. islandwide at this moment. This fund is being used to implement Livelihood Projects and 50% of the Samurdhi Authority’s contribution will be recovered. Under Infrastructure Facilities Development, following tasks are performed Concreting Rural Roads & flight of steps Project of Irrigation Cannels,Tanks and Lakes Mini Hydropower Plants Drinking water & common water supply, Minor Bridges & Culverts Projects of Environment Protection The ways of which these projects could be reachable to the villages are done after Identification of necessities of the villages and to get approvals through Janasaba After that recommendation of Divisional Secretary & District Secretary to be forward to the Samurdhi Authority System of Implementing the projects are done Under the Samurdhi Development programme in the Divisional Secretariat. At least 20% of community participation should be used and Construction of contract system is prohibited. Monitoring & Evaluation are done District Secretary , Divisional Secretary, Samurdhi Manager, Samurdhi Development Officer.

