Name of the Service | Trade    Fairs, Buyer/Seller Meetings, Matchmaking Programmes overseas Seminars/Workshops/Capacity    Building Training National    branding programmes to promote the image of the country and business image of    Sri Lanka internationally. International    cooperation programmes on trade promotion EDB    Scheme of Assistance for Exporters’ Own Marketing  Efforts     Overseas
--- | ---
Activities | Trade Fairs Organizes participation of Sri Lankan exporters    at major International Trade Fairs in potential overseas markets to    facilitate B 2 B promotions. Among these events there are Industry Specific trade    fairs, Multi product fairs, Regional Fairs & Solo Exhibitions Selling    Missions Conducts selling missions, incoming    trade missions, and other export promotion projects, in-store promotions,    specialized exhibitions and special product displays abroad. Business Matching Assists buyers    and exporters in making appropriate contacts. Technical and Export Marketing Assistance Coordinates integrated technical and export    marketing assistance programs to foster the growth of emerging export    industries. Market Research Understanding    the market is key in deciding where, when, what and how to export. Guided by    the market /product combination approach, we undertake market research    activities to formulate appropriate market entry and penetration strategies    for exporters. Export marketing plans *     Latest market forecasts,*     Export Strategies on Sri Lanka’s priority sectors,*  Business counseling and coaching, *  Buyer-Seller facilitation. Export    Skills Development Helps you to acquire and enhance the requisite    skills and knowledge to competitively    manage your export business. We offer training    on export marketing and planning,    pricing, standards and market access requirement and more. Market Promotion Showcases the    marketability   of   product    &   services      and develops Sri Lanka’s image as a reliable supply source. We help you to mainstream your product with    national branding initiatives and actively advise you on media and promotion    strategies. Other Assists exporters looking for updated market    information Seeks the resolution of market access problems Explore and identify market opportunities Business support trade promotion Promote     Sri  Lankan products  through Sri Lanka missions overseas, Trade    Centres & Export Promotion Centres overseas
For whom..? | Exporters Potential Exporters Foreign buyers Sri Lanka Missions overseas Foreign Missions & Agencies in Sri Lanka Government organizations Public
What sort of information is available? | Market intelligence on export markets, Market    research on potential markets, Market opportunities & threats, Export    statistics, Buyer information
How can obtain the service? | Telephone Fax Email Letters Web Site Visiting the Head  Office or Regional Offices
Any Charge? | Information is free. Participation cost at    events depends on the programme.
Time Taken to Provide Services | Depends on the customer needs.
Required Documents | Business Registration certificate and more    details depending on the programme.
Division | Market Development Division
To whom to contact to obtain this service | Designation Name Tel Fax E-Mail Director Ms.  Anoma Premathilaka 0112300721 2305212 anoma@edb.gov.lk Deputy Director Mr. Prasanna Jayasinghe 0112300722 2305212 pras@edb.gov.lk Deputy Director Ms.  Udeni Wijekoon 0112300722 2305212 udeni@edb.gov.lk | Designation | Name | Tel | Fax | E-Mail | Director | Ms.  Anoma Premathilaka | 0112300721 | 2305212 | anoma@edb.gov.lk | Deputy Director | Mr. Prasanna Jayasinghe | 0112300722 | 2305212 | pras@edb.gov.lk | Deputy Director | Ms.  Udeni Wijekoon | 0112300722 | 2305212 | udeni@edb.gov.lk
Designation | Name | Tel | Fax | E-Mail
Director | Ms.  Anoma Premathilaka | 0112300721 | 2305212 | anoma@edb.gov.lk
Deputy Director | Mr. Prasanna Jayasinghe | 0112300722 | 2305212 | pras@edb.gov.lk
Deputy Director | Ms.  Udeni Wijekoon | 0112300722 | 2305212 | udeni@edb.gov.lk

