Any artiste on the age group of 18 -59 who were earlier engaged in he field of culture and those who are now engaged in the sphere of culture can get enrolled in this Pension Scheme. Applications must be forwarded direct to the director of Cultural Affairs with recommendations from either Divisional Cultural Officers, Cultural Development Assistants or Divisional Secretary.Applications can be obtained from the Department of Cultural Affairs and from Divisional Secretariats pertaining to the Department. Applications are issued free of charge. Applications can be forwarded throughout the year. No charges levied for services rendered. True copies of [Birth Certificate](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/index.php/en/component/info/?id=416&task=info&back=0&pid=627) , [Marriage Certificate](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/index.php/en/component/info/?id=&task=info&back=0&pid=627) , [National Identity Card](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/index.php/en/component/info/?id=&task=info&back=0&pid=627) with photocopies. Director of Cultural Affairs/Deputy Director/Assistant Director/with serve as Staff Officers in-charge. This Pension Scheme is implemented in collaboration with Sri Lanka Socio-Protection Board and the installments on behalf of artistes will be paid by the Dept. of Cultural Affairs. Artiste is therefore freed from monthly installment payments. After continuous payment of monthly installment and after the artiste reaches the age of 60 years, Sri Lanka Socio Protection Board will take necessary action to pay him a monthly pension. Hence, the beneficiary gets a minimum pension of not less than Rs. 3000.00/= and not exceeding Rs. 8000.00/=. Specimen of [application](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/pdf/Saraswathi Pension Scheme.pdf)

Related Services Registration of a Birth Occurred at Home
---

