With regard to retail liquor licences issued to Enterprises such as Super Markets/Grocery Stores and like enterprises proof of turnover should be supported by either a report from a recognized firm of auditors or from the Department of Inland Revenue confirming that the turnover of the applicant or the parent business/company of the applicant exceeded Rs. 72 million for the previous year. 1.    An application should obtain by paying Rs 7500/=.  The application is valid for 03 years. 2.    Following documents are to be forwarded with the relevant application form:- a.   A copy of the plan of the building where the proposed excise license to be operated, certified by the provincial authorities.   Details of floor area should be there with others. b.   An affidavit should be forwarded by ensuring that the applicant is not convicted for any offence under Penal Code  during the last five years, or other offence relating to his character. c.   Original copies of the Deed or the documents pertaining to the ownership of the building should be forwarded, with an additional certified copy.   A Lease Agreement  obtained from the building owner stating his

willingness to run the business at least 03 continual  years,  should be forwarded.  It should certify by a Public Notary.   If the proposed institution is mortgaged, a confirmation  letter should be forwarded by the

relevant financial institute. d.    A Survey Plan which indicates the distances to the Schools and religious places,  from boundary to boundary,  from the proposed premises,  certified by authorized Surveyor,  should be forwarded. e.    The Business Registration Certificate issued under Business Registration Act,  and for a Company,  Company Registration Certificate, certified by the Public Notary. f.    Receipt of the non refundable application fee. g.    Certificates obtained from the relevant Divisional Secretary and the Police Report. This is not entitled for Super Markets which exceeds 72 million Rupees as annual turnover. h.    Assessment Number of the proposed premises. -    Floor area should exceed 250 Sq.ft -    Distance to Schools and religious places from boundary to boundary  should exceed 100 mtrs,

Related Services Obtaining Block License
---

