Sales counters of the Department are located in Colombo, Matara, Puttalam, Polonnaruwa, and Kandy districts. In Colombo district, sales counter is located at the 5th Floor of the Unity Plaza Building, Colombo 04. The sales counters of Matara, Puttalam, Polonnaruwa, and Kandy are located at the respective District Secretariats. The general public can purchase Departmental publications from these counters from 8.30 a.m. to 4.00 p.m. on working days of the week. Further, an updated list of the publications of the Department and their prices is available in the page “Publications” of the DCS web site of Department.

Staff Officers in Charge of the Service

Designation Name Division Address Tel No. E-mail Statistician Mr. H.W.M.Jayaweera Sales Counter attached to the Head Office Infomation Unit, Rotunda Towers, 5th Floor, 109, Galle Road, Colombo 03 0112598295 [data.requests@statistics.gov.lk](mailto:data.requests@statistics.gov.lk) Statistician Mr. W.M.S.K.Bandara District Sales Counter Polonnaruwa Statistics Div., District Secretariat Polonnaruwa 0272222272 [polonnaruwa@statistics.gov.lk](mailto:polonnaruwa@statistics.gov.lk) Statistician Mr. K.S.R.Kottahachchi District Sales Counter Matara Statistics Div., District Secretariat Matara 0412222283 [matara@statistics.gov.lk](mailto:matara@statistics.gov.lk) Statistician Mr. M.J. Marcus Fernando District Sales Counter Puttalam Statistics Div., District Secretariat Puttalam 0322265206 [puttalam@statistics.gov.lk](mailto:puttalam@statistics.gov.lk) Statistician Mr. G.W.Gunasekera District Sales Counter Kandy Statistics Div., District Secretariat Kandy 0812223757 [kandy@statistics.gov.lk](mailto:kandy@statistics.gov.lk)

