

Requirements: 1.. For pet animals- specific requirement - Blood reports,   Vaccination record & International Health certificate Wild        animals-only for the National Zoological Department Applications are available: www.daph.gov.lk Veterinary        Regulatory Affairs Division, Department of Animal Production and Health,        Peradeniya. Fee for the Application : not charged Time of submission: From 8.30 a.m to 4.15 p.m during the office hours of   the weekdays Service charge : none Duration takes at providing the service: 3working  days Documents to be submitted for importation : Application        form A        Photostat copy of the vaccination Record book( for cats and dogs) Report        of the blood test to certify parasites are negative Specimen        of the International Veterinary Health Certificate A        Photostat copy of the importer NIC/Passport Staff Officers in charge of the services Designation Name Unit contact No. Fax E-mail Veterinary     surgeon \for Pets Dr.Komathy Maheswaran VRA 0094812388120     ext 263 0094812389125 daphimport@yahoo.com Alternatives or circumstances other than the above   requirements and specific information: none Specimen application(attach a specimen form): affixed | Designation | Name | Unit | contact No. | Fax | E-mail | Veterinary     surgeon \for Pets | Dr.Komathy Maheswaran | VRA | 0094812388120     ext 263 | 0094812389125 | daphimport@yahoo.com
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
Designation | Name | Unit | contact No. | Fax | E-mail
Veterinary     surgeon \for Pets | Dr.Komathy Maheswaran | VRA | 0094812388120     ext 263 | 0094812389125 | daphimport@yahoo.com
i. Application  For  Permit  to    Import Pet Animals Requirements: 1.b. Domestic   and Wild animals- Livestock Animals Applications are available: www.daph.gov.lk or Veterinary        Regulatory Affairs Division, Department of Animal Production and Health,        Peradeniya. Fee for the Application : Free of charge Time of submission: From 8.30 a.m to 4.15 pm on weekdays Service charge : Free of charge Duration takes at providing the service: 3working  days Documents to be submitted for importation : v Specimen   International Veterinary Health Certificate issued by the exporting country   Government Veterinary Authority. ( As per animal species) v Blood test   reports and Vaccination records v CITES (For   wild animals) v Proforma   Invoice. (If Applicable ) Staff Officers in charge of the services Designation Name Unit contact No. Fax E-mail Veterinary surgeon Dr.B.M.M.Ekanayake VRA 0094812388120     ext 368 0094812389125 daphimport@yahoo.com Alternatives or circumstances other than the above   requirements and specific information: none Specimen application(attach a specimen form): affixed ii. Application  For    Permit  to  Import Domestic and Wild Animals | Designation | Name | Unit | contact No. | Fax | E-mail | Veterinary surgeon | Dr.B.M.M.Ekanayake | VRA | 0094812388120     ext 368 | 0094812389125 | daphimport@yahoo.com |  |  |  |  |  | 
Designation | Name | Unit | contact No. | Fax | E-mail
Veterinary surgeon | Dr.B.M.M.Ekanayake | VRA | 0094812388120     ext 368 | 0094812389125 | daphimport@yahoo.com
 |  |  |  |  | 



