Eligibility a) G.C.E.O/L in 06 subjects in not more then too sittings with three credit passed for Sinhala/ Tamil Language, Mathematics, Science and another credit pass either for Social Studies or Agriculture (thus making a total of 04 credit passes). Pass in 05 subjects in one sitting with 03 credit passes in compulsory subjects mentioned above. and b) Having studies in the Science stream at the G.C.E. A/L examination, should here passed in one out of the six subjects. Botany, Chemistry, Physics, Zoology, Agriculture and Biology. (Students who have studied in the Mathematics stream at the G.C.E. A/L and who have pass in Chemistry or Physics will not be considered as qualified to follow this course. c)A candidate who wish to follow this course in the English medium should have obtained a credit pass for English Language at the G.C.E. O/L. Method of Selection. Candidate who possess high merits in districts according to the results of a competitive examination held by the Department of Examinations will be called for an interview at which selections will be made after checking the original educational certificates. Candidates who score highest marks on district basis at the competitive examination to be held in August-September of each year will be called for an interview in January of the following year. Admission of new students will be made at the end of March in that year. Process of submitting applications. (Places from where applications can be obtained, Place, Counter and time at which applications should be submitted.) 1.Applications for admission to the course will be called during the period April-June in each year by a Gazette notification 2.Applications should be made in accordance with the Gazette notifications. Applications should be sent by registered post to the address given in the Gazette notification on or before the closing date mentioned in the notification. Fees payable to obtain the service Time taken to provide the service.(Ordinary service and Priority service) Exceptions or Instances outside the above requirements and special information [Specimen application form](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/pdf/) Candidate should prepare the application himself in accordance with the specimen form and instructions given in the Gazette notification. Perfected specimen application form

