Eligibility Planning of medium scale and large scale lands exceeding acres in extent as a commercial farm. Process of submitting applications. (Places from where application form can be obtained, Place, Counter and time at which applications should be submitted.) A letter to be submitted with details of the service required. Places from where application can be obtained. Call over at the Agro Enterprise and Information Service and make a claim by a letter, telephone or E-mail. Deputy Director Agro Enterprises Development and Information service P.O. Box. 05. No. 1/2 Sarasavi Mawatha, Peradeniya. Fees payable for obtaining application forms. Nil Time for submission During office hours from 8.30 a.m. to 4.15 p.m. on week days. Fees payable for obtaining the service No. However if it is necessary to get the farm examined by a specialized team of officers, either transport facilities or fuel expenses should be provided. Time taken to provide the service.(Ordinary service and Priority service) Request will be fulfilled at the earliest convenience. Supporting documents required. Applicant should own the land. Otherwise there should be legal authority to the ownership. Staff Officers in charge of the service.

Designation | Name | Division | Telephone No | Fax | E-mail
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
Deputy Director | K.K. Karunatilaka | Agro Enterprises | +94-812-388754 | +94-812-388754 | agedisdoa@ yahoo.com
Asst.Director of Agriculture | D.Abeysooriya | Agro Enterprises | +94-812-388754 | +94-812-388754 | agedisdoa@ yahoo.com
Agricultural Instructor | K.B. Ratnayake | Agro Enterprises | +94-812-388754 | +94-812-388754 | agedisdoa@ yahoo.com

Exceptions or Instances outside the above requirements and special information 1.Visits can be made even to small lands (of 2-3 acres) used for growing flowers or to a law situated close to the office. 2.When complicated technical devices, safety houses and micro irrigation schemes are used, above limitations of land will not apply. [Specimen application](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/pdf/) form (Annex a specimen forms) [Specimen application](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/pdf/) Perfected specimen application form (Annex a perfected application)

