Eligibility Process of submitting applications. (Places from where applications can be obtained, Place, Counter and time at which applications should be submitted.) Places from where applications can be obtained. Treatment Technology Division National Plant Quarantine Service Canada Friendship Mawatha Katunayake. Application should be made by a letter written by the applicant himself. Fees payable for obtaining applications. No fee is charged. Time for submission of applications. From 8.30 a.m. to 4.15 p.m. on every week day Fees payable for obtainng the service Rs. 100.00/- (for a single fumigation) Time taken to provide the service.(Ordinary service and Priority service) Maximum period of 02 days. Supporting documents required. Letter applying for the fumigation service. Such letter should include- • Date on which fumigation service is required for export. • Name/ institution . address of the person who require fumigation service. • Particulars of material which is to be fumigated (name & quantity) • Country and the address to which the fumigated material is exported • Date of export. For import • Materials imported and the quantity. • From which country the material is imported. Staff Officers in charge of the Service.

Designation | Name | Division | Telephone No. | Fax | E-mail
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | ---
Research Officer | H.I. Dias | Treatment technology | +94-112-252028 +94-112-252029 | +94-112-253709 | npqs@sltnet.lk
Research Assistant | K.D. Ariyaratne | Treatment technology | +94-112-252028 +94-112-252029 | +94-112-253709 | npqs@sltnet.lk3
Agricultural Instructor | K.G. B. Sunil chandra | Treatment technology | +94-112-252028 +94-112-252029 | +94-112-253709 | npqs@sltnet.lk3

Exceptions or Instances outside the above requirements and special information Supervision of fumigation carried out by private fumigations on large stock of exporting materials. There is no charge. [Specimen application form](https://gic.gov.lk/gic/pdf/) There is no prescribed application form. Application may be made by a letter prepared by the applicant. Perfected specimen application form Does not arise.

